AHA! Open the door! I can smell you, Emma! Open the door!
What the fuck did you do?
Calm down, Wolfie boy! What happened?
What did you do to Natalia?
Okay, I got me.
Don't play games with me, Emma.
Okay, okay. She's fine. Don't worry about her.
He was just a harmless spell. She wake up tomorrow morning. All safe and sound.
But, man, that headache is gonna hurt like something.
Shut up! Don't give me a little lunch. It's only over here at the time that it's over.
Well, if you wanted to get that close, be all you had to do was ask.
All right, fine, fine, boy. Let's have it your way.
I knew that she was hiding something from you.
And I wanted to find out what was she happening for you.
How do you know that?
Well, you know I can sense those fakes, Bea.
What is she hiding?
Your brother.
What about him?
Your brother. She met with him.
Oh, Emma. We're two steps ahead of you.
Natalia has something you'll never have. She's honest with me.
I'm gonna give you two days, two fucking days to get out of here.
What? What? No.
Blake! Blake, come here!
Blake!